In the last video, we created our first GitHub hook.
We're now going to try to test this thing out.
So our ultimate goal is to be able to create a pull request and see all the tests for specifically our
service get executed.
Now, one thing I want to point out is that inside this little script we put in NPM, run test, colon
PSI.
So why is that?
Well, whenever we run our tests inside of this GitHub environment, we need to make sure that our test
suite exits automatically at some point in time.
Right now, our NPM run test command is going to start up just inside the watcher mode.
So it's going to run continuously just watching for changes to be made to our source code.
We do not want that when we're running our tests on GitHub.
We want just one run of our test suite and we want to exit entirely.
So rather than running NPM test directory directly, we're going to instead create a new script called
Test Colon PSI.
That is going to run our test suite exactly one time and then automatically exit.
So let's go back over to our service and make that change very quickly.
Inside my service, I'll find the package dot JSON file.
I'll find the script section inside there and I'm going to add in a new script of Test Colon Sci.
And the command for that.
We're going to put it in jest.
And we actually don't even need that.
No cache command on there at all.
We definitely do not want watch all as you imagine, that's what starts up our test suite in the watcher
mode.
So then save this.
We're going to go over to our terminal.
We're going to commit these changes on the master branch because this is some initial configuration
we're going through.
Then we're going to push this up to GitHub and then after that we'll make some other small change to
our project to kind of simulate making a change this thing in the real world, and then push it up to
GitHub and walk through our entire workflow.
So back over at my terminal.
I'll do a get status.
Take a look at the files.
I've changed.
Just that package stays on file.
So I'll add that and then commit it.
But the message.
And then finally, I'm going to push this up once again to the master branch.
So get push origin master.
And.
All right, my mistake.
We just made a change on GitHub to the master branch.
We have to pull those changes down first.
We need to do a git pull or origin master.
That's better.
You're probably going to see a little Ed pop up asking you to provide a merge message to go through
that process.
And then once we merge everything, then we can do a get push origin master.
All right, so there's our changes.
So now in theory, our GitHub workflow is all ready to be tested.
Let's pause once more, come back in next video.
Try making a change and simulate the real workflow that we're going to go through.